README.md, before:

# Example Service

This repository serves as an example of how to configure a microservice repository for deployment to the pollination kubernetes cluster. 

## Continuous Deployment
Configuring continuous deployment is done by running the `deploy.sh` script in the root of the repository. This script requires the following environment variables to be set in the `.travis.yml` file:
* COMMIT_TAG: an 8 character version of the commit sha
* NAMSEPACE: the namespace in the kubernetes cluster the service will be deployed to
* ENDPOINT: the url endpoint the service will be accessible from eg: `example` for `api.pollination.cloud/example`
* DOCKER_USERNAME: the username of the docker user pushing the image to the pollination registry
* DOCKER_PASSWORD: the password of the docker user pushing the image to the pollination registry

The initial `.travis.yml` file looks like this:
```yaml
services:
- docker
language: python
python:
- '3.6'
jobs:
  include:
  - stage: deploy
    if: branch = master AND (NOT type IN (pull_request))
    provider: script
    script: bash deploy.sh
```

The Docker credentials are encrypt into the travis file by using the [travis cli](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis.rb):
> travis encrypt DOCKER_USERNAME=whaleymacwhale --add

> travis encrypt DOCKER_password=idontlikeishmael --add

We also encrypt a kubeconfig file that will be used by kubectl to deploy the changes to the pollination cluster. The kubeconfig file can be encrypted as follows:
> travis encrypt-file PATH_TO_KUBECONFIG_FILE --add

Commit message:

docs(readme): add semantic release deployment docs

README.md, after:

# Example Service

This repository serves as an example of how to configure a microservice repository for deployment to the pollination kubernetes cluster. 

## Continuous Deployment
Configuring continuous deployment is done by running the `deploy.sh` script in the root of the repository. This script is called by running [semantic-release/exec](https://github.com/semantic-release/exec) and the release configuration set in the `.releaserc.json`.

Travis requires the following environment variables to be set in the `.travis.yml` file:
* COMMIT_TAG: an 8 character version of the commit sha
* NAMSEPACE: the namespace in the kubernetes cluster the service will be deployed to. `api-public` is used for api endpoint accessible by anyone (only users endpoint at this stage). `api-private` is used for all endpoints that require JWT authentication.
* ENDPOINT: the url endpoint the service will be accessible from eg: `example` for `api.pollination.cloud/example`
* DOCKER_USERNAME: the username of the docker user pushing the image to the pollination registry
* DOCKER_PASSWORD: the password of the docker user pushing the image to the pollination registry

The initial `.travis.yml` file looks like this:
```yaml
services:
- docker
language: python
python:
- '3.6'
jobs:
  include:
  - stage: deploy
    if: branch = master AND (NOT type IN (pull_request))
    language: node_js
    node_js:
    - '8'
    script: 
    - npm install @semantic-release/exec
    - npx semantic-release
```

The Docker credentials are encrypt into the travis file by using the [travis cli](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis.rb):
> travis encrypt DOCKER_USERNAME=whaleymacwhale --add

> travis encrypt DOCKER_password=idontlikeishmael --add

We also encrypt a Github Token to allow semantic-release to tag commits and create releases.
> travis encrypt GH_TOKEN=my-super-secret-token --add

We also encrypt a kubeconfig file that will be used by kubectl to deploy the changes to the pollination cluster. The kubeconfig file can be encrypted as follows:
> travis encrypt-file PATH_TO_KUBECONFIG_FILE --add
